hello how about youtube friends I am
sergio moreno and in this new video
tutorial let's learn how to
download and install the game of fifa 14
for your feet
good this game a few days ago that
I uploaded it to my blog but I did not have time
to record until now obviously and
good if you want to know my blog les
I leave the link in the description of the video
there you can find many more games
for feet
the game is in format made in language
Spanish
seven parties forgive four parts 350 and
the last d
from boy to 4 are 150 mb so
good is unpacked weighs
approximately 1.20 gigas or so
because good is complete in all the
game I have not uploaded mega for me so
let's start
[Music]
I do not want to know them I show the
first click process because as I said are
four parts so there will be four and one
Once you click on any of the
links will offer you this page where
we should wait 5 seconds is not that
this is over skip this yellow button
which is high publicity , we are going to give you a
stand up and start loading what the page
of league as it is also on your screen
once here we should only wait for
I finished loading the page
like the one that finished loading and we'll see
download files same 14 and we're going to
be me part 1,350 mind we click on
download and be automatically
discharge nor regularly diamond 550 and
150 kilobytes per second but the
dependent download speed
Internet
and this is the same process for
other beings
once you download the four parts
they are going to nothing have been saved in my
case of batteries have this folder what
we'll see up to 14 I have 142 part 4 and
These are all personally 350 each
we just need to select the four
parts right click on any of these
four parts and extract files or
exceeding here is the same but I'm going to
extract the file a 14 has been extracted
as you will see even in iso format and
obviously we see until I get to
100% of the starter bar and without
process tells me that it lasts more or less
two and a half minutes but also this
It depends
your computer while I do the
video to not lengthen so much
[Music]
well here it's almost finished but
take advantage of this small time to
tell them they occupy the program
installed if you do not have it
in this video
well here I finish to extract and so
that will introduce my desktop because I
there are selections that will be extracted once
here we will find the files in
a text document that is called more
power for feet that this one if we like
read then they open it and I thank you and
You can visit these pages for more
games
good but what matters is this
point and sun file that is
selected and we were told then how
sergio point did return to a point of
interleague
this simply gives you right click
copy and paste it into the folder and that's what
prevents this week that is up
obviously his foot style is refugee
so you can read the game if not
they want to punish the two I leave them link to
a tutorial of mine on how to hack 10
peak version 6.60 or lower and I tried and
is that for my taste but one of the
better cases and this would be all friends
but if you have any doubts then you can
comment on them in this video or
tell me on facebook on twitter or by
It's cardboard
Y
second channel and good practically
first so good has means
where to contact if you want something in
special request new by facebook or by
twitter
youtube sorry
to see this
and see until the next